I see Honolulu, Hawaii.
On the strip, a major plan is being plotted.
He wants to go through with it.
He doesn't want to die.
He likes where he's at, but he's being pushed to react.
It's by the shops, by the beautiful mall where all the high-end retail is.
I see Gucci.
It's a rich area.
Now I'm in Orlando.
They want to bring fear.
It's to be instilled around the mouse to bring fear at what people have near.
It's dear to them.
I see it's the mouse; it represents freedom, tourism, vacation, and relaxation.
That is what they would try to display, but to bring fear in the heart of people today.
And I'm looking right into it.
They're devising a plan: badges to infiltrate the security, to infiltrate the staff inside.
I see Asians walking around, Asian families, the ears on them, and the rides.
It's around Tron.
It's with the security team, people that are scanning people.
They're looking for an Arab, but it is not.
Not all terrorists are Arabs.
That's what I just heard the Lord say.
You're looking only for Arabs, but it's an infiltration from somebody who is not.
This is not an Arab, but it's somebody of the Muslim faith.
Just because they don't have dark skin, don't look to the stereotype.
It is the biggest deception within stereotypes.
You are looking only for dark skin; it's stupid.
You must come up higher.
This is it.
It's darker.
The plan is darker.
Mecca, Mecca, Mecca, Mecca, and Mecca.
I hear the word Mecca.
Even around Ramadan, he's talking to the United States government.
Don't stereotype in this.
Look to the others.
There is a plan with people you do not expect.
Look deeper at the rats in your government.
The Lord says look deeper; it's right in front of your face, but it's deep.
They've infiltrated at all levels in your malls.
A major plan, bigger than you understand.
They're trying to cover their tracks on a mainframe of the computer.
They're trying to do what Hillary did.
Every step they take, they've been strategic.
I see them shredding evidence—a whitewashing of the computers everywhere they go.
But they're infiltrated in the least likely areas you expect.
Everybody's always looking for the people with the hat on and the big beard who walk in and have jihad.
But the Lord said, 'Look deeper.
It's right in front of your face.
' Even in the NSA.
The French government is cooperating with them.
I go to France and I come to America, and the Canadian government is cooperating with them.
There's no resistance.
If there's no resistance, there's no reason to react.
An attack is to bring Sharia law, to bring in their way.
And if there's no resistance, there's no reason to try to attack today.
But it's to come against the resistance.
They want to infiltrate the resistance.
But the ones that will open to them freely, you don't have to attack them.
You don't attack those that are buddies with you.
He's talking about Canada.
But it's a black swan.
There are things that happen in France.
Not everyone agrees with Macron.
That's the problem.
It's a resistance against what Macron wants to do.
He's talking about the auditoriums, churches, and the multilingual.
I see Joel.
Every plan of attack against our churches, we say in the name of Jesus at Lakewood, you are covered.
It's a major shaking in the churches.
He is displeased with the taste that he tastes.
The Lord is displeased with the smell that he smells.
I hear him.
That's what he said: 'A shaking in my churches.
I'm displeased.
' And then he used the word heresy.
They think they're on the right road with me, but they've been far away for a long time.
They've deviated off the path that I have for thee.
The further they go, the less they can see.
If they go back and correct it—but some of them are so far off, it's going to take great correction.
There's great correction coming.
Many will see a humbling.
Many will shake.
I'm not picking on anybody.
He just corrected me.
You say what I say.
There's a shaking in the churches and you will see a great breaking in the churches, and they will come to their knees for there is heresy.
A shaking—that's what he's trying to say.
It's a stench before him each day.
True repentance is to turn away from.
You're going to see that even in the highest places in the land, even on TV.
If you're a friend of the world, you're not a friend of me.
You've clung to the world and you've not clung to me.
Depart from me, I never knew you.
For many are walking in heresy.
Just because you walk with the president or these people, you see this heresy; it's messy.
It's gross.
Too much pride.
'I resist the proud.
Humble yourself unto me.
' In due time, I said I would exalt you, but there has not been in time for many of them.
They've exalted themselves.
I've not exalted them.
He says they've exalted themselves, and he is angry about this.
I hear his voice.
He is trembling with the fear of God.
The fear of the Lord is the beginning of wisdom.
The fear of the Lord, the reverence, holiness back in the church, purity back in my church.
You don't even know the difference between the church and the world today, he said.
But yet, you say you're of me and you're my church.
You say you're of me and you're my church.
And this is in the purest of circles that you think you see, for there's great heresy.
There's great shaking on them, even in the circles you think—remember this.
Oh, I see them, baby.
Even in the ones that try to pretend that they're the purest of me, their hearts are far from me.
You don't have to yank on the horse's mouth hard to pull it off whenever it's in order.
You don't have to yank on the bridle of a horse's mouth to make it have great correction.
Great correction, if you yank it hard, is too much if the horse is in line with you.
It just takes a little bit to guide it.
But when a horse is rebellious, when a horse is off track and it's bucking around, it takes much strength.
But when you're on track with me, it doesn't take much correction.
You barely have to pull it, he said.
I see it.
You barely have to pull it and you go right on track.
It doesn't take much to guide a broken horse.
But when you are not broken, when you're not pliable, when you're not ready...
I see the horse and he guides it.
You're a horse like that.
He's on it.
He said, 'It just barely takes a little tug, son, to stay on track.
Move to the left.
Move to the right.
Move.
Follow what I tell you to do.
You're in sway.
You're in sync with me and I'm in sync with you.
A horse that is broken is easily moved.
But a horse that is rebellious, it takes much to break.
Oh, he longs for you to have a relationship with him each day.
He says, 'You've grieved the heart of the Father.
He's provided so much for you.
' He says, 'But you've grieved the heart of the Father.
' Oh, Father, we repent.
Oh, forgive them, Father.
Forgive me, Lord.
We come up closer to you.
You're such a good God.
We repent, Lord.
You say you want the revival.
You say you want the glory, but you have so much of the world in you.
Separate yourself unto me, and you will see the great glory.
There's a remnant of you that have done just this.
You've separated yourself unto me, and you're ready for the glory.
But you are a few.
He said, 'But you are so few.
' It reminds him of what it was when Moses came down off the mountain and the children of Israel were acting the way they did.
They built a calf.
They did the things that they did in rebellion unto me.
But I will use the remnant, and there's great days to come.
He's sending his angel armies and there'll be a great revival.
There'll be a great revival in the churches that will allow him to flow, but a great shaking.
He's talking about—I see Asia.
I see South Korea again.
I see South Korea.
Great persecution.
He's ready to turn the page.
A new chapter.
He's out of time.
And he's saying that he's going to remove people that have exalted themselves and he will humble them and he will exalt the humble ones that have been broken like that horse.
It's not a quick process.
It's the day-to-day.
So many call him 'Lord, Lord.
' So many call him 'Lord, Lord, Lord, Lord, you're my Lord.
' But he doesn't know them.
You say, 'Lord, Lord.
' He says, 'They say, Lord, Lord, I've done this.
I've done this,' but you don't know me.
It's not what you do.
It's not by your works.
'I fasted.
I prayed.
I helped.
I gave.
I volunteered.
Don't you see all that I have done?
' It's not about that.
It's a heart.
It's a fragrance.
It's a worship.
He looks at the heart, for the eyes of the Lord run to and fro throughout the whole earth looking for a heart who's perfect toward him.
For he's looking for the heart.
That's what he says.
Now, as you refer after seeing the people in Jeremiah, he's talking about the prophets that stood and spoke what the itching ears would want to see and hear.
And he said, 'There's many of them upon your land now.
And I warned you in the end times that there'll be many false prophets in the end times.
' They are speaking itching ear words and they're not of me.
That's what he just said.
They're not of me and there are many upon your land.
They'll give a good word and they sway this way, they sway that way.
I see this is what I see in the spirit realm.
It's like a brush.
It's like twigs.
You sway with what he says one day and you sway over here.
You sway because you want to draw close to the people because it's about finances to them.
Money, money, money.
Oh, that.
But you got to have a word from the Lord.
Money, money, money.
Word from the Lord.
And they sway and they sway and they sway.
They try to speak for him and they sway to the people to get the money and they sway to him and they sway to the people with the money.
Jeremiah, that's what he's talking about.
Your people-pleasers, that's why he told me to say what he said.
He said they have been castrated by the world.
Many false prophets will rise in the day.
And he says you're seeing it all around you.
Church, wake up.
It's obvious what he just said.
Have greater discernment in who you're listening to.
Have greater discernment in who you are listening to.
That's what the Lord just said.
Have greater discernment in who you are listening to, church.
That's what the Lord says.
Stay humble before me like David.
Stay humble before me for I look at the heart, not at the outward.
I look at the heart, not the tall like Saul, head and shoulders.
The world looks at the outward.
I look at the inward.
And I'll take the foolish things of the world to confound the wise.
Don't be moved by their size.
Don't be moved by what they look like on the outside.
Flow with the Holy Ghost.
Flow with my presence.
Flow.
There's great people that you do not know.
That's what he says.
There's great people that you do not know that are about to come up to the forefront.
They may not be the prettiest.
They may not be the richest.
Whatever.
You know what I'm talking about?
It's poise.
It's just people that are broken.
The horse.
And he said, 'I can use that.
I can use that, Brandon.
' It's the horse, the warrior.
Pressure.
You're built for pressure.
You're built.
You're the closers.
I feel the Holy Ghost and fire all over me, baby.
And you will walk with great signs and wonders.
You will walk with great signs and wonders and they will know you by your fruit.
True prophetic, true ministers of me, they'll know you by your fruit.
There'll be a great line.
He drew a line in the sand.
I see him do it again.
Who is on my side?
Who is on the Lord's side?
Who is really truly with me?
He says, 'Who is truly on my side?
For I have drawn the line.
There's no more playing church.
' He said, 'No more playing church, for the cup is full before me.
And time is short.
The Hollywood celebrity is over.
I will not share my glory with any of them.
I am done.
I am not sharing my glory with any of them.
The Hollywood celebrity is done.
' He's talking about preachers.
You know what I'm talking about.
That's what he's talking about.
I see faces and I'm not going to say their names.
He said, 'I'm done.
I'm not going to share my glory with anybody.
' The ones that attract to deflect, the ones that stay vertical.
I see people with great financial blessing that He's just using to bring forth the harvest.
You are a funnel.
They'll be a funnel.
They'll just flow.
I see it like this: it's like a big funnel and the money just flows through them.
That means you're not damming it.
Do you understand?
Jesus Christ is coming.
There will not be a generation that tastes death.
We're not going to taste it.
There's a generation—do you understand how close?
That's why He said the urgency of the hour.
The urgency of the hour.
I'm calling the people to wake up.
I sure love You, Father.
We have whatever we can do to help You, we'll help You.
It grieved me so when I could see it.
But America, you have turned your back upon Me.
Many of you have not, but for the majority, you have turned your back upon Me.
And a great shaking in your land you will see, bringing you back to the heart of Me.
That's what He just said.
Boy, that was stern.
I could see a shaking in the land.
People say, 'What is the word for 2026?
' This is the word.
Many will say a lot of things.
Test the words.
Test the spirits, church.
Test it.
He said, 'Test it.
' I've told you to test it.
They're not testing it.
He said, 'You're not testing the words.
You're not weighing them.
You're not doing what I told you to do.
And many of you are being swayed the wrong way.
Test the words each day.
When a prophet says he's a prophet, test the word.
Judge it inside yourself.
If it doesn't flow with the peace inside of you, run from it.
But some of you don't even hear Him enough on your own.
You must draw close to Him, to His throne.
Some of you have no business—you don't even know what you're judging.
You must come up higher in your prayer life with Him.
You must come up higher in reading the Word and finding out about Him.
Read this Bible.
Quit doing what you're doing.
If this is your Bible, finding this first, you're wrong.
This must become first and then add this as a supplement.
Come up higher in your prayer life with Him.
There are too many people that are being swayed right and left.
Who's right?
Who's not?
Who's this?
You don't hear them for yourself.
He said, 'My sheep will know My voice and a stranger's voice they will not follow.
' But He said, 'My sheep.
' Are you My sheep?
That's what He just said.
Are you My sheep?
Do you qualify?
He just said, 'Do you qualify?
Are you Mine?
' Many say they are Mine, but they are not Mine.
Many say, 'My sheep will hear My voice and a stranger's voice they will not follow.
' Do you qualify?
Are you sold out to Him?
Does He have all of you?
To have all of you.
He says to have all of you, not just part of you.
That's who is truly His.
And they don't just visit, they abide.
'If ye abide in Me'—you hear?
That's what He just said.
Well, that's good, Lord.
I like that.
'If ye abide in Me and My words remain in you'—He said there's qualifications for this.
You must abide.
That's what He just said.
I love it.
'If ye abide in Me and My words remain in you, you can ask what you will and it shall be done.
' But there's qualifications for it.
My sheep, My sheep hear My voice.
Qualification.
'If ye abide, do you abide in Me?
Do I have all of you?
Are you sold out to Me?
You don't just visit, you live there.
' It's everything you have.
Lord, many people just take the Word and they don't apply what they read.
It goes in one ear and out the other.
They only take partial truth.
They take partial scripture and they apply part of it.
'I'll hear Your voice and a stranger's voice they will not follow.
' No, no, no.
My sheep will.
Okay.
'If you abide in Me and My words abide in you, you shall ask what you will.
' They say, 'Well, I'm asking.
Why don't You hear what I'm asking for?
Why don't You give it to me?
' Because there's qualifications to it.
That's what He just says.
It becomes a stench before Him that you think you qualify for something that you don't participate in.
There are many of the prophetic voices, the so-called prophetic voices, that have not abided in Me for a long time.
They had a platform at one time and their influence has trickled because they can't maintain it.
It's something that I give; it's grace to you.
You understand it?
It's not you.
He said Saul did the same thing: 'Walk with me so that the people will believe that I still got it.
' But I departed.
The glory has departed.
That's why he called it—the glory has departed.
He said, 'The glory has departed.
It's an Ichabod.
' And there are many of the ministers that you see on the platforms, even with TV stations, that have departed.
The glory has departed, son.
That's what He just said.
And I'll raise up new TV stations.
I'll raise up new voices.
I'll raise up new things.
And they'll happen seemingly overnight, what you'll think.
But it's been a cultivation inside of them with seeds that the roots grow deep down so that I didn't have to deal with this nonsense, and the fruit will be displayed greatly and it will grow greatly like the bamboo and it will happen quickly.
But it was first a cultivation of a seed down inside of you.
Roots.
I see the roots.
The seeds grow in great roots.
Cultivation.
Acceleration.
But you have to cultivate before you accelerate.
The seeds must go down for the greater fruit.
But you will not go to the greater level until you cultivate the root down.
And the cultivation for the acceleration is what you're going to see.
It's not power in me.
It's cultivation acceleration.
Welcome to the next level.
Thank you.
There are many, many hearts that are not for Me.
But get ready for the greater glory, Diana.
That's what He just said to us.
'And I will accelerate and I will bless you and I'll increase in you because you've been faithful to Me and I work through you and the greater glory will be manifested on you and the fire will flow through you because you are Mine and I am yours and you will go up to the greater atmosphere—the stratosphere—for an acceleration and a cultivation you have led me to.
And now it's time to accelerate thee.
' That was neat.
I'll tell you later.
For now, you walk in the divine manifestations of the glory that will flow and healing will come through your hands, and people will surely know that I am the God that flows through you.
And if I be lifted up, I'll draw all men to you—through you—to attract to deflect.
That's what He's saying.
It's not about you.
It's a flow.
They come and you bring them to the Son.
It's the mirror.
You understand what He's saying?
It's not—we decrease, He increases.
Draw all men to—it's to draw all men to Him, to draw them in to Him, to bring the people to Him, to keep bringing the glory to Him.
He won't share it with nobody.
That's amazing.
I get excited about it, Father.
I get so excited about what You just said.
Let's do this.
Thank you, Lord.
For these will be days of great fun.
And the fun, I've told you, has just begun.
Looking out for the coming of My Son.
I've commissioned many, many of you to come up higher and let Me work through.
So you heard what He said.
That's exciting, baby.
I'm excited about it.
The first of the word was hard, but that last little bit is nice.
This is what we do at our house when He talks.
Diana writes and Braden takes note, and we don't do this in public, but He wanted to today.
Isn't that interesting?
But that's the way He talks and we write it down, and that's why He flows out of me and I hear it so clear and you could take it to the bank.
It's right.
It's clear, the Holy Ghost.
He comes on me like fire.
He said, 'Start writing this down.
' I feel His presence so strong.
Do you?
It's beautiful.
Does it come through the camera?
Does his presence come through the camera?
I always wonder sometimes.
I feel so strong in that house.
I forgot they were still there.
Oh yeah.
See the glory.
See the glory come down.
Holy, holy, holy is the Lord of hosts who was and is and is to come.
For you are good and your mercy endures forever.
For the Lord, he is good and his mercy endures forever.
Glory.
Glory, for he is good and his mercy endures forever.
If you're here tonight and you don't know my friend, you must know him and become born again.
If you do not know Jesus, you must know Jesus.
You're running out of time.
It's time to quit playing church today.
If you're here tonight and you've never accepted Jesus Christ as your Lord and personal Savior, or you may be here and you're just living a compromising life and you're one of the ones he's talking to, no one comes to the Father unless he draws them.
But tonight you feel, 'I want to make a change.
' Tonight, you say, 'Brandon, I don't want to be left.
I don't want to do all that has been said.
I want to repent and come back to the Father tonight.
I want a fresh start.
I want to come to Jesus.
Please pray for me.
' If that is you and this is stirring inside of you and you're here and you say, 'I just need to come back to Jesus.
I don't want any compromise in me.
Am I his?
Do I qualify?
' I want to make sure that I qualify.
I don't want to just visit; I want to live there.
And tonight is your night to come back to him.
He's an ever-present help in a time of need.
If you're here tonight and you feel that stirring on the inside of you, I need to be born again.
I need to sell out to him.
Come unto him, all ye that are heavy laden, and he said he'd give you rest.
It's time to come back to Jesus.
He loves you.
He has a plan for your life.
But you must turn from what you're doing.
You must turn away from your sin.
You must repent and turn away from it.
That means to leave it.
Don't be double-minded.
Don't be double-standard.
You must know Jesus Christ and make him Lord of your life.
And if you're here tonight, you say, 'Brandon, that's me.
I want to come back to the Father.
' You're like the prodigal.
You don't even realize how lukewarm you are.
You're Lot and you're in Sodom and Gomorrah.
You don't even realize judgment's coming.
Abraham's on the hill interceding for you.
'Hey, you've got to get them out of there.
' The Lord sent angels.
And the Lord, just out of grace, sent angels to get Lot and his family out of there.
But Sodom and Gomorrah was so much inside of his wife.
She looked back and turned to a pillar of salt.
Is the world inside of you?
Are you looking back over your shoulder, flirting with the world?
Are you sold out to him?
You either keep your eyes on him or you're going to be looking at the world, being a pillar of salt soon.
You must turn from this or you will burn.
Most of you think, 'Well, I'm still flirting with the world.
I'm still looking at the world.
' Ask Lot's wife how that turned out for her.
Sell out to Jesus tonight.
Come to him.
It's not promised tomorrow.
Ladies and gentlemen, no one is promised tomorrow.
You must be born again.
Unless a man is born again, he cannot enter into the kingdom of God.
My sheep hear my voice.
Are you one of his?
And tonight I want to say a prayer with you and I want you to get on the right track, yanking that horse bridle over and say, 'Listen, I'm sold out to Jesus tonight.
' If you're watching this right now, I want you to put in the comment section right now, 'I want to come back to Jesus.
I want to sell out to him.
I don't want to keep going down this road the wrong way.
Tonight's my night.
' I want you to be bold in your decision tonight.
And if you're here tonight and you want to say that prayer with us, we're going to say it.
But I'll give you a couple seconds to make your decision if you're selling out to him.
One, two, three.
Make your decision.
Tonight's your night.
All to him I surrender.
All to him I freely give.
Tonight I sell out to Jesus.
Tonight I'm coming home.
All right, I'm going to say a simple prayer.
And if you confess Jesus, it says if you confess him, he is faithful and just to forgive you of your sins and cleanse you of all unrighteousness.
But you must mean it with your heart.
With the heart, confession is made unto salvation.
We're going to say it right now.
Say, 'Jesus, I believe you're the Son of God.
I believe you died for me and you rose again on the third day.
Jesus, I'm a sinner and I need a savior.
Tonight, I ask you to forgive me.
I ask you to forgive me of my sins.
I ask you to wash me, Lord, and make me new.
Cleanse me.
I turn my back on the world.
I turn my back on the devil.
I turn my back on my sin.
And from this day forward, Lord, I serve you.
I ask you to write my name in the Lamb's Book of Life today.
I thank you, Lord, that you're accepting me back.
You said you would never leave me and you'd never forsake me, Lord.
I'm the one that left you and I went back to the world.
But tonight, Lord, I make my decision and I'm sold out to you.
I thank you that I am yours and you are mine, and I belong to you, Lord.
And I'll serve you from this day forward with all that I have.
I've sold out to you in the mighty name of Jesus.
Amen and amen.
' I believe if you just said that prayer, today's a brand new start for you.
So get plugged back into church.
Get radical with Jesus.
He's coming, church.
Jesus is coming, church, and it's time to come back to him.
It's time to get radical for Jesus.
It's time to be on fire for Jesus.
It's no time to be lukewarm.
It's not time to be cold.
It's time to be on fire for Jesus.
So, if you don't have a Bible and you need a Bible, you can go down in the description below.
There's an email address in there.
Tell everybody—67 people.
67 people came back to Jesus tonight.
Welcome home.
Welcome back to the church, folks.
Welcome.
We're so excited that you made your decision tonight to come back to Jesus.
You're just like the prodigal son.
The Father's ready to kill the fatted calf.
He has a brand new robe for you.
Welcome home.
And we're excited you're here.
Please like, subscribe, and be a part of our prayer channel.
Come back and be a part of this.
I believe God's doing more and more and more.
There's great days in store for what God has for us.
Amen and amen.
All 67 of you, welcome.
That's exciting.
Hallelujah.
I really don't know where to go with this.
All glory to Jesus.
All to you I humbly give.
I surrender all.
All to thee, my blessed Savior, I surrender all.
I surrender my life.
Lord, I surrender my heart.
Lord, take all of me.
For we surrender all.
All to you, our blessed Savior, we surrender all.
I surrender all.
As for me and my house, we will serve the Lord.
We're so grateful that he would visit us tonight.
We're so grateful for his words.
We're so grateful for his presence.
For you are good.
And I thank you, Lord, that you visit me.
Thank you, Lord.
Lord, we give you praise.
Praise the Lord.
I tell you, I feel His anointing on me so strong.
I feel like I can barely move.
I don't think I can get up.
I'm so grateful for the glory.
I'm so grateful for His presence.
We honor You, Lord.
We magnify You and we lift up Your wonderful name.
Lord, we thank You.
He said, "I'm bringing a refreshing on those that are weary and ready to give up.
" He said, "They're weary, Brandon.
There are good people there; their hearts are just weary.
They've become weary and well-doing.
" But He wants to bring a refreshing to you tonight.
That's what He just said to me.
He said, "Brandon, I want to bring a refreshing to the ones that are weary and well-doing.
You've been in ministry and you're fighting a good fight, but you've just become a little bit...
your lamp is just a little leaking.
" But you have to be filled.
You're not far from Him by any means.
You're just dry and you just need a fresh touch.
You just need a fresh drink.
And He said, "Come unto Me.
Come unto Me.
" He said He would give you rest.
Take a fresh drink of the Holy Ghost tonight.
Be refreshed because out of your belly shall flow rivers of living water.
All you that are heavy laden, it's time to come home.
It's time to get a fresh touch from the Master.
We've got to finish strong.
We have a lot of work to do.
He's not mad at you.
You just dumped out and dumped out, and you just haven't filled back up again.
You just got to come unto Him.
A fresh touch of living water tonight for His sons and His daughters.
Lord, we thank You.
Glory to God.
It's fun.
Being a believer is fun.
It's fun to work for Him.
It's fun to be with You in the overflow.
Glory to God.
Thank You, Lord.
I sing praises to Your name, O Lord.
Praises to Your name, O Lord, for Your name is great and greatly to be praised.
Praises to Your name, O Lord.
Thank You, Lord.
Thank You, Jesus.
In Him we move and have our being.
Christ in me, the hope of glory.
Thank You, Lord.
The blood that never loses its power.
I don't know what to do with it, y'all.
I know that the Holy Spirit...
I don't like to ever be disrespectful for what I feel.
So I always honor Him when He visits us like this.
And so I just go, "Okay, Father, we're so grateful for all that You have.
Lord, is there anything else that You want?
Is there anything else that I can help with during this time that we've given You tonight?
Can we help You with anything?
We're vessels here on this earth.
Is there anything we can expose about terrorists or whatever this nation?
" He calls every single one of you healed in the name of Jesus from the top of your head to the soles of your feet.
A revelation of how much He loves thee.
Glory to His name for all that He's done for thee.
Healed and whole and well from the top of your head to the soles of your feet.
No more sickness, no more disease.
You're healed and whole and well.
Every single one of you, your marriage is restored.
There's a fresh love, a fresh presence, the fresh glory on your marriages, on your lives, on your children, on your grandchildren, and your great-grandchildren.
Father, we call for blessing and increase and multiplication and favor in the name of Jesus, healing and wholeness and wellness over them in Jesus' name.
We give You praise and glory and honor.
Hallelujah.
Well, I guess that's it.
We're so grateful for every single one of you.
Thank You for joining us tonight.
Thank You for being a part of our prayer channel.
God is so good to us and we're so grateful for every single one of you that would come out.
All glory to Jesus.
We give all of the glory to Jesus and tell of His wonderful love.
Do you like it?
I like it.
Let's sing it one more time.
We give all of the glory to Jesus and tell of His wonderful love.
Hallelujah.
Thank you for joining us.
If you're new here, like, subscribe, click the notification bell.
It really helps us with the algorithm.
We will never ask you for anything other than that.
We appreciate every single one of you and we'll see you again tomorrow.
We'll try to come on.
We have prayer usually on Sunday nights, but we're going to go and I always like to finish this.
December 1st is Monday, so I'm trying to finish off doing these videos, but we might not do tomorrow.
I'll just see how things go.
I feel like we pushed a lot tonight.
So, glory to God.
Thank you for being here.
Thank you for joining us.
We love every single one of you.
Thank you for all your kindness to my family.
We so appreciate every single one of you.
It's a blessing.
I just wanted to say thank you all.
You are amazing.
Remember, put a smile on your face and a song in your heart.
Jesus loves you so much and we love you.
God bless you all and we'll see you again soon.
Bye-bye.